- [Instructor] We're going to use another unit test
to practice some calls to the Twitter streaming API.
Now, a couple things about this demonstration.
You'll notice that we have injected the TWITTER_BEARER_TOKEN
from an environment variable,
so you want to make sure that's configured on your system.
And then you'll see these three constants:
the Twitter API domain, the stream endpoint,
and the stream rules endpoint.
We're also going to be doing things a little bit different
with our WebClient.
You'll notice that I've autowired in a builder
for the WebClient from Spring.
And the reason we're doing this
is because when you inject the builder from Spring,
you get some preconfigured codeX
and other configurations by default
that make it easier to work with the builder.
Okay, so all that's in place,
let's start building out our call.
The first thing we'll need is an instance of the WebClient,
so we're going to use the builder.
And on the baseUrl method,
we're going to pass in the domain for the Twitter API.
Now, we need to satisfy the security,
so we'll call the defaultHeaders method,
and I'm actually going to use a consumer here.
So with the headers consumer,
we get this nice convenience method here
that allows us to set our bearerToken.
We don't need to specify the authorization header name
or put bearer in front of our token.
We just pass in our bearerToken.
With that in place, we'll go ahead and build the client,
and now we can start building the information
that we would like to pass to the rules endpoint
that will establish the rule for our client.
So to help us there,
I've created a StreamRuleRequest object,
and I'm going to declare an object of the type,
and then what I can do
is use the new operator and the constructor
in order to instantiate that object.
Let's take a deeper look here.
This object is going to mimic that JSON we looked at
that is necessary to establish a rule for the client.
So here you can see a list of rules.
And then within that list of rules,
we have a StreamRule object
that has a value property and a tag property.
And the value property just provides
our keyword or our filter that will tell the streaming API
when to send us a tweet,
and a tag is just a nice way to name that rule.
So back over in our test, we have our ruleRequest object,
let's go ahead and set up the rule.
So the way I've created this,
you just need to provide the keyword.
In our case, we're interested in tweets about LinkedIn.
And then I'm just going to tag this the LinkedIn Tag,
and that will be the name for my tag.
Now, we can start working on sending the call.
You'll remember that in order to establish a rule,
we have to make a post,
so I will set up a post on the client.
And then we need to specify the path
to the stream rules endpoint,
and I've added that as a constant, so we'll use that,
and then check this out.
This is the bodyValue method.
And we can just pass in our ruleRequest object
to this method,
and it will cause the object to be serialized to JSON
and sent in the request body.
So we don't even have to do all that work with Jackson
when we use Spring.
Okay, then we're going to flip over to handling the response.
And we're not really interested in the body here.
We just want to make sure it was successful.
And then we're going to go ahead and subscribe
to listen for when the request has completed.
And when we do get that response back
after the rule is created,
we're going to do some additional work
within this lambda function.
Specifically, we're going to go ahead
and connect to the stream to start receiving tweets.
So the easiest way to set up that next call
is just to copy our first call,
and that will get us ahead a little bit.
So go ahead, copy the call,
and then paste it inside the body of the lambda function.
Now, when we connect to the stream,
it's going to be a get instead of a post.
And then we're also going to have to change the endpoint
that we're connecting to.
We'll just take out the rules segment
of that constant's name,
and here we're pointing to the stream path.
Now, we're no longer going to be sending any information
in the body of the request,
so I can go ahead and remove that piece of our call.
And instead of just ignoring the body,
we're going to do something different.
We're going to use bodyToFlux,
and then we're going to say
that our flux will contain a string.
So let's talk about this a little bit.
You'll remember the Mono type from Project Reactor.
It was used to emit a single value.
The flux is used to emit multiple values,
one to end, we're not sure how many.
But we do have to specify the type of value
the flux is going to emit.
In this case, it's going to be a string,
and it's going to be the response body that we get back.
Now, one of the things we're going to do
is we're going to set up a filter.
We don't want to receive any empty response bodies.
So I'm going to go ahead and check
that the response body is not blank.
If it is, we're not going to call our next lambda function,
which is the subscriber or the consumer of the flux.
Okay, let's go ahead,
we'll change this over from response to json,
and this is just a name for the parameter
being passed into our lambda function.
And then at this point, let's go ahead,
we'll print out the json.
I'll tidy this up a tad.
And now we have our two calls built.
We have our call to establish the rule for our client,
then we have our call
to start receiving tweets from the stream.
Now, I need to do one final thing
in order to close out this work.
And this is simply for our testing purposes.
I'm going to go ahead
and tell it to read input from the console.
And this is really just for our unit test to block
while we read the tweets coming in.
You won't need this in a production environment.
Okay, let me go ahead, we'll run our unit test,
and let's take a look at some tweets
that are coming in about LinkedIn.
Okay, so you can see them come in there.
We have connected successfully to the stream
with our client.
I'm going to go ahead, I'll shut down the stream.
Okay, so that's going to conclude our work for this lesson
where we took a look at the Twitter streaming API,
and we also had some great technologies in our stack
like the WebClient and Project Reactor.
These technologies both have robust environments
that you can explore further.
And you can see from our simple example,
they were both able to handle
quite a bit of complexity for us.